# Welcome to Elarya - A Text Based Quest Game in C#
This project aims to create a text based quest game in C# and WPF. This project will be completed in mutliple sprints. The premise of the game is as follows:

Concept: Elarya will be a fantasy/mythical based text-based role-playing game centered in the realm of Qui’lash, home to the Nungari people. The Nungari people are rich in magic and spirituality, closely synced with nature and the bounty she provides. The realm is full of enchanting features, such as sprawling fields of golden quabash berries, mystical rivers that flow up, down, and every direction, and dark forests, where ancient magic lies deep in the heart for those willing to seek it out. The Nungari people are a peaceful kingdom, with sprawling cities, food aplenty, and a thirst for knowledge and the arcane. The game will be based on a young Nungari women, who is coming of age, and must go forth on a spiritual and intellectual journey to find her place in society or return an outcast with nothing to offer. 

Physical Characteristics of Nungari: Tall, around 6’5” is the average height. Flowing black hair pulled into a variety of buns, ponytails, and various hair styles. Females tend to be thinner than their male counterparts but rival them in intellect and innate magical powers. The color of the skin is an olive-brown, like that of the Mediterranean. Eyes are bright ranging from blue, to violet. Nungari can see well in the dark thanks to their magic. Cheek bones are high, and ears are of normal length. Each Nungari has a unique magical ability, that very few, if any at all share, and they must discover this unique power prior to becoming 21 or risk being exiled for failure to provide to the better whole of the community. In the 3,678 years the Nungari have had this coming of age ritual, only 59 have ever been exiled in total. The Nungari do not eat meat, and do not kill animals for sport. They primary wear cotton-like clothing fabricated from the Metholese spider. They have rather large feet, with 4 toes in total, almost like clubs. Their hands are delicate and possess 5 digits each. Their skin is like an armor, in that it is magically fortified from birth, allowing them typical safe passage throughout the realm, but there are dissidents abound, that have magical weapons that can hurt or kill the Nungari. 

Character: The character for this game will be an almost 21-year-old Nungari woman, who must spend her last months on a quest to find herself, find her purpose, and find her role in the world. She will travel the realm to various places and cities looking for clues and experiences that will shape her destiny. It is not all calm in the realm though, and there is talk of an invading army from the North, looking to claim more fertile lands. The character must navigate these dissidents on her quest or take a stand against them. The choice is ultimately hers. This coming of age journey has been done for over 3000 years and she is anxious and ecstatic to begin hers. What will the realm of Qui’lash reveal for her, and what mysteries will she uncover about herself and her past? Players can select from starting skill they wish to pursue, and as they progress and learn more skills, their roles might change. 

Character Type: Players can start as a Dragon Rider, Warrior, Mage, or Hunter/Gatherer. These aren’t skills persay that they have already, but what they start their journey on hoping they can be. This is a game of self-discovery, and much like how we start off young wanting to be police officers, astronauts, etc., players can choose a role they wish to become. That is not always how the game will end though, and as players progress through quests, they will earn skill points in various areas. At the end of the game, whatever skill has the most points, is what the character has discovered herself to truly be, and that is what she will remain to join society as a functioning member. Depending on the selected role to start, the player will get 5 points into that skill tree, and gain one special magical ability to aid in helping them fulfill that goal. Roles aren’t set in stone, as already mentioned, and if a player chooses say a Dragon Rider, but completes more tasks that award Mage or Warrior skill points, then that player becomes that role instead once the character hits the age of 21. There will be an in game timer, that counts the days the player has been questing, and once 90 days is up, the game is over. I am thinking every 1 min in real life will be one game day. That gives the player 1.5 hours to play the game and complete the quests, which I think will be plenty of time.

World Map: The world map will be non-linear. North, East, South, and West will all be available based on actions, decisions, and location on the map specifically. This game is more free based in that I am not trying to guide the user per say to a specific outcome, but letting them get into the characters head and go on a journey of discovery together. As far as specific places go, the main city in Qui’lash is called Nocti. The player will start off in Nocti and leave home with just a few essentials. Food, water, standard provisions and the like. There is a market they will need to visit first, however, in order to get these provisions (Make smart choices here, it can really affect outcomes). From there, the world is opened up and other locations that can be visited are, Yerfurd Forest, Jiut Bluffs, Pledg’ui Caverns, Sra’lik Sea, and a few other towns and cities for now. As far as items go, they will be rather randomly generated.  Books, keys, maps, clues, ancestral items, magic enhancement items, etc. All will help lead the player to discover who she is (hopefully) and provide fun backstories and vital clues to the next steps in the game. 
